Adds cross-links for AI Assistant docs (#2666)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/observability-ai-assistant.md

### Token limits [obs-ai-token-limits]

Most LLMs have a set number of tokens they can manage in single a conversation. When you reach the token limit, the LLM will throw an error, and Elastic will display a "Token limit reached" error in Kibana. The exact number of tokens that the LLM can support depends on the LLM provider and model you’re using. If you use an OpenAI connector, monitor token utilization in **OpenAI Token Usage** dashboard. For more information, refer to the [OpenAI Connector documentation](kibana://reference/connectors-kibana/openai-action-type.md#openai-connector-token-dashboard).

> ## Learn more 
> 
> - For more information about how AI Assistant works in {{elastic-sec}}, refer to [AI Assistant for Security](/solutions/security/ai/ai-assistant.md).

Reviewer: Maybe for these we could give a more meaningful heading to help users find the section if it's what they're looking for. I think we can make this just body text and not a list as well. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
## AI Assistant for Security
The capabilities and ways to interact with AI Assistant can differ for each solution. For more information about how AI Assistant works in {{elastic-sec}}, refer to [AI Assistant for Security](/solutions/security/ai/ai-assistant.md).
```

And then similar for the Security AI Assistant page
